## Go Language(Basics)

**Intro :**
- Developed at Google in 2007
- Statically typed, supports garbage collection and concurrency programming
- Use traditional and link model to generate binaries

**Features**
- Environmental adopting patterns are similar to dynamic languages
- Faster compilation time
- inbuilt concurrency support, lightweight processes(via go routine), channels, select statement
- Supprts interfaces and type embeddings
- Production of statically linked native binaries without external dependencies
- Supports type inheritance, method or operator overloading, circular dependencies among packages, pointer arithmetic, assertions and generic programming

Example: 

```golang
package main

import "fmt"

func main() {
   /* This is my first sample program. */
   fmt.Println("Hello, World!")
}
``` 

When I was trying to solve the issue of entring all inputs as string. the sample code demonstrates how its done.

```golang
package main

import (
	"bufio"
	"fmt"
	"os"
)

func main() {
	var a, b int
   `bufio and os take the string input`
	var r = bufio.NewReader(os.Stdin)
   `This allocates the inputs seperated by space to mention variables`
	fmt.Fscanf(r, "%d %d", &a, &b)

	fmt.Println(a + b)
}

``` 
#golang #basics #zet #multiple_inputs

## Woldenstein's 30th Anniversary

Wolfenstein 3D was a revolutionary game of their time, I remember playing that game as a young kid with my uncles wayback in 2000, along with Duke Nukem and Road rash. The game was quite fascinating to meet since that game was my first exposure to fps games and later was introduced to Quake. 

I recently read an article <https://www.howtogeek.com/802248/how-wolfenstein-3d-shocked-the-world-30-years-later> where the author talked to creators of the game in ID software. It injected a dose of cultural shoch due to its immersive fps experience back in 1992. I played this game in 2001 9 years after it was realised in India, I can only imagine what kind of mark it left on the gaming industry. 

They sold 200,000 copies for pc alone.Damn I am getting old.

#woldenstein #anniversary 